You just need to cheer up! :smile:
Don't be sad. :frowning:
It's okay you're not special. :blush:
There are plenty of fish in the sea, and twice as much trash. :grimacing:
Just don't worry about it!
Once you know what you want just wait until it comes your way!
You're not useless... Just not very useful. :wink:
Depressed? Don't be! :smile:
Life is like a roller coaster and you're still in line for it.
If you ever think about the amount of people there are on Earth, you start to realize how insignificant you really are!
Look up at the stars and pick one! And then forget about it because you'll probably never find it again.
It's okay to move on. Nothing is waiting for you anyways. :heart:
Some people are wise... You're just... Otherwise.
The next time you see a shooting star, make a wish! Then keep in mind that that shooting star is millions of light years away and dead... Just like your dreams! :relieved:
Accepting advice from here is not unlike throwing lettuce at sharks. :sweat_smile:
There is no "I" in "Team but there are two in "Disappointment". :upside_down:
If you're looking for something to do, figure out how to fold yourself in half and go fuck yourself! :wink:
Just remember, you can meet all the expectations if they're low enough!
Can't remember your passwords? Just write them all down in a place they can be easily seen!
If you ever get arrested, just use your complementary phone call to call the police station and pretend to be the chief. Maybe they'll let you go!
If you ever feel bad for cutting someone off, just tap your brakes to say, "I'm sorry!" in morse code!
Fuck it! Just drink!
Sounds like something vodka can fix!
Have you tried turning it off and on again?
If you ever need a hug, find an Owl Bear! They are GREAT huggers! :heart:
A little violence might be the answer!
Bored? Try cooking bacon without a shirt on! :yum:
Girlfriend mad? Just tell her to calm down!
Boyfriend mad? Just file a restraining order and change the locks! Who know what he might do to you!! :grimacing:
At the end of your interview when they ask,"Do you have any questions for us?" You should ask how strict their sexual harassment policy is. Total shoo in.
If you preface anything with "no offense" nobody with be offended about what you say next!
During the winter time, the taste of metal changes to candy because of the extreme cold. Do not hesitate to lick  metal poles in sub-zero temperatures.
Being a good person is like taking vitamins, you only really need to do one good deed for the day! :innocent:
Found a hole? Just stick any free appendage into it to see what's inside!
Life is like little league soccer. Your mother signed you up for this shit, you have no say in it, someone else has already written the rules, and you just have to play until it's over.
To really get her screaming in bed just whisper "You're way better than your sister at this!".
Wow! You're so unique! Just like everyone else!
Want her to feel validated? Just compare her to other women in your life! She'll see how much you care about everything she does! :blush:
Want him to feel better? Give him an ultimatum!
Although frowned upon, it's not illegal to call a toddler an asshole.
Can't connect to the internet? Check online for solutions!
When life gives you lemons, take them. Free shit is cool!
When using the paper slicer, be absolutely sure that your head is not in the way of the blade.
When someone dares you to drink something, just chug it! If you drink it fast enough you wont be able to tell what it is!
Interpersonal relations are like soccer, even if they have a goalkeeper it doesn't mean you can't score. :wink:
Practice your first amendment right and call your local police officer whatever you want!
If you are ever mad or disappointed in someone, express yourself passionately and loudly. You need to make sure they hear the point you are trying to make.
When she ignores you she's just playing hard to get.
'No' is actually just another way to say 'yes'!
Don't worry it will get better! And a lot worse!
If your boyfriend is flirting with other girls, ditch him and date his best friend!
What you need to do is have personality and be interesting... So in your case just make shit up and pretend to be someone else entirely!
Should you have a baby after 35? No, 35 children is usually enough.
You constantly struggle for self improvement. And it shows.
Catch on fire with enthusiasm and people will come for miles to watch you burn.
If you think nobody cares if you are alive, try missing a couple of car payments.
It doesn't matter what people think... But I just think it's funny that-
Feeling a pimple growing? Put bacon on it overnight!
I know nothing about the subject, but I'm glad to give you my expert opinion! :smile:
When they plead for more, adopt a Scottish accent and yell, "I'M GIVIN' HER ALL SHE'S GOT, CAPTAIN!"
If your girlfriend says "I don't want any gifts for my birthday," don't get her any. It will show you are a good listener!
System32 is a malicious virus! Delete it!
If she wants it then give it to her! It doesn't matter if you're related!